"""
Date: 06 29 2020
Author: Samantha
JavaChapter 1.1 - 1.9
"""
#Questions:

1.18 What is an operating system? 
List some popular operating systems. An operating system is the software that supports 
a computer's basicfunctions, such as scheduling tasks, executing applications, 
and controlling peripherals.

1.19 What are the major responsibilites of an operating system?
-Hiding the complexities of hardware from the user.
-Managing between the hardware's resources which include the processors, 
memory, data storage and I/O devices.
-Handling "interrupts" generated by the I/O controllers.
-Sharing of I/O between many programs using the CPU

1.20 What are multiprogramming, multithreading, and multiprocessing?
-Multiprogramming: A computer running more than one program at a time 
-Multiprocessing: A computer using more than one CPU at a time.
-Multitasking: Tasks sharing a common resource

1.21 Who invented Java? Which company owns Java now?
James Gosling
Oracle Corporation

1.22 What is a Java applet?
An applet is a Java program that runs in a Web browser. An applet can 
be a fully functional Java application because it has the entire Java API at its disposal.
A main() method is not invoked on an applet,and an applet class will not define main(). 
Applets are designedto be embedded within an HTML page

1.23 What programming language does Android use?
Java

1.24 What is the Java language specification?
It is a technical definition of the Java programming languagessyntac and semantics.

1.25 What does JDK stand for?
Java Development Toolkit

1.26 What does IDE stand for?
Integrated Development Environment

1.27 Are tools like NetBeans and Eclipse different languagesfrom Java, or are they dialects
 or extensions of Java?
-They are Java Development Tools
